add antrea in network addon list (#27346)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons.md

## Networking and Network Policy

* [ACI](https://www.github.com/noironetworks/aci-containers) provides integrated container networking and network security with Cisco ACI.

> * [Antrea](https://github.com/vmware-tanzu/antrea) operates at Layer 3/4 to provide networking and security services for Kubernetes, leveraging Open vSwitch as the networking data plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Antrea](https://antrea.io/) operates at Layer 3/4 to provide networking and security services for Kubernetes, leveraging Open vSwitch as the networking data plane.
```
We prefer to link to docs ahead of source code

Author: sure, will update it. thanks!

Author: Hi @sftim , I just updated it, Could you help to review it again? thanks!
